Can you
Think again about my father
What to consider?
Consider how to further discredit him
down and out
No, I explained it.
How healthy are you?
Don't get cold in the wind.
I've been taken care of by you as a little slob
Wen Yan, you are finally back.
See you standing here
How much I write now is worth it
Xia Yunchu, don't tell me information here
Classical Chinese
I see.
You're in a bad mood because of Uncle Wen
But because of your father
I have been scolded by netizens for several days
Actually I don't care
But this is not good for the face of the Lu family after all
It's also bad for the reputation of the Wen family
Don't expose your mother-in-law in this life
Wei Yan, you persuade your father
Let him be a clarifying bird
Put away your false dignity
Kicking me out of the Lu family is what you have in mind
Wei Yan, you misunderstood me
I love promotion
I just want him to be happy
How could I destroy your family?
That's nice.
The night Jinchen and I got married, you came running over
Actually I have a bit of a headache.
The chest is also very stuffy
My parents replied rest um
Let you be a nanny
The prestige of the prince of Baiqi Road
You know Yunchu is born for you and your greed
How much money did my father ask me for?
Golden body, don't blame him
golden body
You keep asking me to atone for my wedding night
But you get the whole picture.
show
Ok what chance do I give you
The parties are here today, you say